Promise to not get mad at me.
But there's actually one other thing I forgot to mention before we can talk about decorators.
I know I'm building the suspense.
I know you're just thinking hey hey Ondrej tell me what a decorator is.
You're wasting my time.
But one more thing.
Quick video I promise.
We have to understand this idea of a higher order function that is a higher order function for HFC for
short.
Sounds super important.
Right a higher order function can be one of two things.
It could either be a function let's say the great function that accepts a another function so this right
here is a higher order function.
It's a function that accepts inside of its parameters.
Another function another way it can be a higher order function is if its a function that returns another
function.
If we define let's say a greet two that just runs normally but instead returns another function.
So let's say in here we have define func and this define func let's say just returns five and we return
the function.
This is a higher order function a higher order function is any function that either accepts a function
as a parameter or returns a function.
And if you're thinking hey is that map function that we talked about.
Is that a higher order function.
Because it accepts a function.
Yep that's a higher order function.
So ways reduce or filter.
These are all higher order functions.
All right I promise.
In the next video we're going to talk about why this is important and what decorators are.
I'll see in that one.